Admission 2026 - Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham Back close Admissions Home About About Amrita Chancellor Rankings Accreditation Governance Press Media Leadership Campus Amritapuri Amaravati Bengaluru Chennai Faridabad Kochi Mysuru Coimbatore Nagercoil Haridwar Academics About Academics Undergraduate Arts & Science Ayurveda Agriculture Sciences Architecture Business / Management Biotechnology Dentistry Engineering Medicine Mass Communication Nursing Pharmacy Health Sciences Nanoscience Postgraduate Arts & Science Ayurveda Business / Management Biotechnology Engineering Medicine Dentistry Health Sciences Integrated Degree Arts & Science Ayurveda Social Work Doctoral Arts & Science Biotechnology Engineering Medicine Business / Management Interdisciplinary Studies Fellowship Medicine Certificate Ayurveda Spiritual & Cultural Studies Online Programs Certificate Programs Introduction to Hinduism Essence of Hinduism Mahabharata Upanayanam Degree Programs B.COM – Bachelor of Commerce M.COM – Master of Commerce MCA (Specialization: Artificial Intelligence) BBA – Bachelor of Business Administration MBA – Master of Business Administration MCA (Specialization: Cybersecurity) BCA – Bachelor of Computer Application MCA – Master of Computer Application Curriculum Research About Research Centers Projects Publications International Alumni Faculty Schools Campus Life News Blog Events Jobs Contact International Alumni Faculty Schools Campus Life Admissions News Blog Events Jobs Contact Home About About Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham is a multi-campus, multi-disciplinary research academia that is accredited 'A++' by NAAC and is ranked as one of the best research institutions in India Know More Rankings Amrita University is the only Indian University in World’s Top 100 Universities in Times Higher Education Impact Rankings Accreditation In 2023, the university was awarded an A++ grade by the NAAC Governance The governance structure of Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham's academic and administrative departments. Chancellor Sri Mata Amritanandamayi Devi, affectionately known worldwide as AMMA is the founder and Chancellor of Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham Leadership An experienced team of professionals guided by our chancellor is the strong pillar behind this institution Press Media News stories about Amrita and all media coverage are listed here for you to know us more Newsletters The university publishes a newsletter including news and upcoming events of the organization Campus Amritapuri Amritapuri Campus Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham's Amritapuri campus located in the pleasing village of Vallikavu is a multi-disciplinary research and teaching institute peacefully blended with science and spirituality Explore Amaravati Amaravati Campus Welcome to our seventh campus at Amaravati in Andhra Pradesh. Amrita is a multi-disciplinary, research-intensive university and is accredited with the highest possible A++ NAAC grade and is the country’s 7th best-ranked university in the NIRF rankings 2025. We invite you to join our new Amaravati campus in various faculty and administrative positions. Explore Bengaluru Bengaluru Campus Amrita University's Bengaluru Campus situated in Junnasandra, Karnataka, aims to create graduates with a solution mindset and a high degree of ethical standards Explore Chennai Chennai Campus Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham's Chennai campus at Vengal, Tamil Nadu offers various engineering programs developed on a choice-based credit system following continuous evaluation by faculties who guide students Explore Coimbatore Coimbatore Campus Amrita University's Coimbatore campus started in a hidden village named Ettimadai provides over 120 UG, PG and doctoral programs to a student population of over 12,000 and faculty strength of nearly 1500 Explore Faridabad Faridabad Campus A land that has witnessed the historical prominence of ultra-modern facilities in India. A place where science, technology, and research merge to embrace good health across a 130-acre sprawling health city campus. Explore Kochi Kochi Campus Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham's Kochi campus is an extensive campus comprising a premier multispeciality hospital, Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences, School of Medicine, Dentistry, Nursing, Pharmacy, Allied Health Sciences, Center for Nanosciences along with a School of Arts and Sciences and Department of Management as well Explore Mysuru Mysuru Campus Amrita University's Mysuru campus situated at Bhogadi, Karnataka away from the hustle & bustle of the city combining state-of-the-art facilities offers a perfect environment that fulfills the aspirations of young minds and meets the requirements of future employers Explore Nagercoil Nagercoil Campus Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, situated in Erachakulam, Nagercoil is a beacon of educational excellence which operates under the esteemed Mata Amritanandamayi Math. Founded by Satguru Mata Amritanandamayi Devi (Amma), our institution is dedicated to providing holistic education, guided by Amma’s profound vision encapsulated in the philosophy of “Education for Life.” Explore Haridwar Haridwar Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham’s campus in Haridwar, nestled on the sacred banks of the Ganges, is poised to become a landmark of educational excellence. This new campus will embody Amma’s profound vision of “education for life” and her emphasis on compassion-driven research, extending the university’s mission to the spiritual heartland of India. Explore Academics Undergraduate Artificial Intelligence and Data Science B. Tech. Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Data Science (Autonomous Agents and Robotic Systems) – AID (AA&RS) B. Tech. Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Data Science (Cyber Physical Systems and Security) – AID (CPS&S) B.Tech. Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Data Science (Quantum Technologies) Arts, Humanities & Commerce B. A. (Hons) with Research in Mass Communication with Minor in Business Management and Media B. A. (Hons) with Research in Mass Communication with Minor in Digital Design and Animation B. Com. (Honours) in FinTech B. Com. (Honours/ Honours with Research) in Taxation and Finance B.B.A(Specialization in Business Analytics) B.Com. (Honours) integrated with ACCA B.Com. (Specialization in International Finance) B.Des. (Hons.) in Communication Design B.Sc. (Honours) in Visual Media and Communication B.Sc. (Honours) Visual Communication with Minor in Artificial Intelligence BBA (Bachelor of Business Administration) BBA (Honours) – Digital Marketing and Artificial Intelligence (Girls Only) BCom (Taxation and Finance) Ayurveda BAMS (Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery) in Kerala Agriculture BSc. (Hons.) Agriculture Allied Health Sciences B. Sc. Cardiac Perfusion Technology (B. Sc. CPT) B. Sc. Cardio Vascular Technology (B. Sc. CVT) B. Sc. Diabetes Sciences (B. Sc. DBS) B. Sc. Echocardiography Technology (B. Sc. ECT) B. Sc. Medical Laboratory Science(B. MLS) B. Sc. Neuro Electro Physiology (B. Sc. NEP) B.Sc. Blood Bank Technology (B.Sc. BBT) B.Sc. Emergency Medicine and Critical Care Technology (EMCCT) B.Sc. Nuclear Medicine Technology (B.Sc. NMT) B.Sc. Nutrition & Dietetics (Hons) B.Sc. Optometry (B.Sc. OPT) Bachelor in Audiology and Speech Language Pathology (B. ASLP) Bachelor of Anaesthesia and Operation Theatre Technology (B.AOTT) Bachelor of Dialysis Therapy Technology (B.DTT) Bachelor of Emergency Medical Technologist (Paramedics) (B.EMT) Bachelor of Medical Radiology and lmaging Technology (B.MRIT) Bachelor of Optometry (B Optom) Bachelor of Physician Associate (BPA) Bachelor of Radiation TherapyTechnology (B.RTT) Bachelor of Respiratory Technology (B. RT) Architecture 5-Year Bachelor of Architecture (B.Arch.) B.Des (Interior Design) Business / Management B.B.A(Specialization in Business Analytics) BBA (Bachelor of Business Administration) BBA (Honours) – Digital Marketing and Artificial Intelligence (Girls Only) Biotechnology B. Sc. (Hons.) Biotechnology B. Sc. (Hons.) Biotechnology and Integrated Systems Biology B.Sc. (Hons.) Microbiology Computing B C A (Honours) in AI & Data Science B Tech in Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) B Tech in Electronics and Communication Engineering B. Tech. in Computer Science and Engineering (Artificial Intelligence) B. Tech. in Computer Science and Engineering (Cyber Security) B. Tech. in Computer Science and Engineering (Quantum Computing) B.C.A. (Honours) in Cyber Security B.Sc. (Honours) in Mathematics and Artificial Intelligence B.Tech in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science Bachelor of Computer Applications BCA (Bachelor of Computer Applications)Specialization in Artificial Intelligence & Data Science BCA Specialization in UI/UX & Game Design Dentistry BDS Diploma in Dental Mechanics Engineering B Tech in Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) B Tech in Electronics and Communication Engineering B. Tech. Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Data Science (Autonomous Agents and Robotic Systems) – AID (AA&RS) B. Tech. Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Data Science (Cyber Physical Systems and Security) – AID (CPS&S) B. Tech. in Aerospace Engineering B. Tech. in Automation & Robotics Engineering B. Tech. in Chemical Engineering B. Tech. in Civil Engineering B. Tech. in Computer and Communication Engineering B. Tech. in Computer Science and Engineering (Artificial Intelligence) B. Tech. in Computer Science and Engineering (Cyber Security) B. Tech. in Computer Science and Engineering (Quantum Computing) B. Tech. in Electrical and Computer Engineering B. Tech. in Electrical and Electronics Engineering B. Tech. in Electronics and Computer Engineering B. Tech. in Mechanical Engineering B. Tech. Robotics & Artificial Intelligence (RAI) B.Tech in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science B.Tech. Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Data Science (Medical Engineering) B.Tech. Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Data Science (Quantum Technologies) Law B.A., LL.B. (Hons.) B.B.A., LL.B. (Hons.) Medicine MBBS Mass Communication B. A. (Hons) with Research in Mass Communication with Minor in Business Management and Media B. A. (Hons) with Research in Mass Communication with Minor in Digital Design and Animation B.Des. (Hons.) in Communication Design B.Sc. (Honours) Visual Communication with Minor in Artificial Intelligence Nanoscience B. Sc. Honors (with Research) in Molecular Medicine B.Sc. Nuclear Medicine Technology (B.Sc. NMT) Nursing BSc Nursing Pharmacy B. Pharm. (Regular) Pharm. D. Physical Sciences B.Sc. (Hons) in Physics B. Sc. in Physics, Mathematics & Computer Science (with Minor in Artificial Intelligence and Data Science) B.Sc. (Honours) in Mathematics and Artificial Intelligence B.Sc. (Hons) Food Science and Nutrition (4 Year) B.Sc. (Hons) in Chemistry Integrated M. Sc. / B. Sc. (Hons) Chemistry Integrated MSc/BSc (Hons) Mathematics Integrated MSc/BSc (Hons) Physics Social and Behavioural Sciences B.Sc. Psychology (Hons.) Bachelor of Social Work (BSW) – Honours with Research Social Sciences B.Sc. Psychology (Hons.) Bachelor of Social Work (BSW) – Honours with Research Integrated Degree Arts, Humanities & Commerce Integrated M.Sc. Visual Communication Ayurveda Physical Sciences 5 Year Integrated M. Sc. Chemistry with Specialisation in Chemical Biology / Applied Electrochemistry 5 Year Integrated M.Sc in Data Science Integrated M. Sc. Mathematics and Computing Postgraduate Agriculture M. Sc. (Agriculture) in Agronomy Allied Health Sciences Executive Masters in Public Health M. Phil. in Clinical Psychology * (Nomenclature change to Master in Clinical Psychology M.Clin.Psy – Permission pending) M. Sc. Cardiovascular Technology M. Sc. Deglutology & Swallowing Disorders M. Sc. Diabetes Sciences M. Sc. in Neuro Electro Physiology M. Sc. Medical Physics Master of Advanced Care Paramedics (M. ACP) Master of Dialysis Therapy Master of Hospital Administration (M. H. A. ) Master of Medical Laboratory Science (Medical Biochemistry, Medical Microbiology, Haematology and Transfusion Medicine, Histology and Cytology) Master of Nutrition and Dietetics (M.ND) Master of Public Health (MPH) Master of Respiratory Technology (M. RT) Arts, Humanities & Commerce M. A. (English Language and Literature) M. A. in Communication M. A. Journalism and Mass Communication M. A. Visual Media & Communication M. Com. (Finance & Systems) M. F. A. Visual Media (Applied Art and Advertising) M. Sc. in Visual Communication (Animation and Design) M. Sc. Visual Communication (Specialization in Digital Film Making ) Ayurveda M. D. in Ayurveda Samhita Sanskrit & Siddhanta M. D. in Dravyaguna Vigyana M. D. in Kayachikitsa M. D. in Panchakarma M. D. in Rasashastra & Bhaishajya Kalpana M. D. in Swasthavritta M. S. in Prasuti & Streeroga M. S. in Shalakya Tantra M. S. in Shalya Tantra (Samanya) Business / Management M. B. A. MBA/MBA-MS in Business Analytics Dual Degree Programme with University at Buffalo, USA Biotechnology M. Sc. in Bioinformatics M. Sc. in Biotechnology MSc in Microbiology Computing M Tech in Artificial Intelligence M Tech in Data Science M. C. A. M. C. A. – Artificial Intelligence & Data Science M. Tech. in Computer Science & Engineering M. Tech. in Cyber Security M.C.A. in AI & Data Science M.C.A. in Cyber Security Dentistry M. D. S. in Conservative & Endodontics M. D. S. in Oral & Maxillofacial Pathology & Microbiology M. D. S. in Oral & Maxillofacial Surgery M. D. S. in Oral Medicine & Radiology M. D. S. in Orthodontics & Dentofacial Orthopaedics M. D. S. in Paediatric & Preventive Dentistry M. D. S. in Periodontics M. D. S. in Prosthodontics & Crown & Bridge M. D. S. in Public Health Dentistry MDS Engineering M Tech Artificial Intelligence and Data Science M Tech in Artificial Intelligence M Tech in Data Science M Tech Programs for Working Professionals M. Sc. in Data Science with Logistics and Supply Chain Management M. Tech. Electrical Engineering M. Tech. in Automotive Electronics M. Tech. in Automotive Engineering M. Tech. in Bio-Medical Engineering M. Tech. in Biomedical Engineering & Artificial Intelligence (For Working Professionals and Regular Students) M. Tech. in Computer Science & Engineering M. Tech. in Computer Science & Engineering ( Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) M. Tech. in Cyber Security M. Tech. in Cyber Security Systems & Networks M. Tech. in Defence Technology M. Tech. in Embedded Systems M. Tech. in Engineering Design M. Tech. in Geospatial Technology and Artificial Intelligence M. Tech. in Materials Science and Engineering M. Tech. in Mechatronics M. Tech. in Power & Energy Engineering(Smart Grids & Electric Vehicles) (For working professionals and regular students) M. Tech. in Robotics and Automation M. Tech. in Structural & Construction Engineering M. Tech. in Thermal & Fluids Engineering(Augmented with Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning) * for Regular & Working Professionals M. Tech. in VLSI Design M. Tech. Manufacturing and Automation​ M.Tech / MS in Computer Science (Louisiana, Lafayette) M.Tech. Wireles

[... content truncated for LLM context limit ...]