CDC NITK Why Recruit @ NITK Recruitment Process Placements Past Recruiters Recruiters Speak Placement Statistics Policies Policy for Students Policy for Companies Policy for Ph.D. Scholars Message to Students Contact Us About Us Meet the Team --> National Institute Of Technology Karnataka Surathkal C a r e e r D e v e l o p m e n t C e n t r e --> If opportunity doesn't knock, build the door. We're a TEAM --> The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Learn, Create, Work Hard Why Recruit @ NITK NITK has been fulfilling its aim of providing quality education to suit the demands of the profession and society via rigorous and laborious work. NITK is one of the top three NITs in the country, placing 10th in the engineering school rankings in NIRF 2021. NITK has built a reputation for generating the top qualified Engineering graduates around the globe. They will play a crucial part in the prestigious and esteemed organization. Download the Brochure Academics NITK presently offers nine undergraduate programmes and twenty-seven postgraduate courses in Science, Engineering, and Technology, in addition to MCA, MSc, and MBA. Doctoral programmes are available in 14 Departments across various research areas and interdisciplinary streams. Read More Ranking One of the oldest technological institutions in southern India and rated as the best technological institution in Karnataka and with excellent placement records, it achieves the top position in the country for placements. Read More Clubs and Events Over 26 Student Clubs provide events ranging from robotics and astronomy to racing, cinema, classical arts, and fashion. Student representatives lead groups that collaborate to deliver programmes, organize yearly events, and expose students to the finest minds in their respective professions. Read More Research As educators, NITK understands the value of research as a hands-on learning method. Participating in active faculty-led research benefits our students. In our fourteen departments, research thrives as professionals from many fields come together to expand the frontiers of technology. Read More Facilities The campus serves the needs of a community of Faculty, Staff, and Students. The site includes a Central Library, Central Research Facility, shopping complex, banks with ATMs, post office, schools, hospital, guest house, cafeterias, and a playground for the pleasure of the inhabitants. Read More Alumni The NITK Alumni Association has a robust global network, with branches on all continents. Alums have organized a Venture Support Cell to support and fund start-up activities of Institute students/alumni and fund Institute faculty/student projects that offer internships and placements. Read More 13 NIRF Engg. 35 NIRF Overall 91 QS India 383 Past Recruiters Recruitment Process Your response has been submitted. The placement cell will contact you soon. Thank you! There was an error in submitting your request. Please reach out to cdcenter@nitk.ac.in . 1 Registration via the Form Share your company details on headpc@nitk.edu.in. Register 2 Receive invitation from CDC Receive an overview of the placement procedure and subsequent processes. 3 Pre Placement Talk Inform students about the company and its procedure (optional). 4 Shortlist After students application, companies can shortlist based on their preferred mode. 5 Written Tests and Interviews Ask shortlisted students to appear for upto 5 subsequent rounds. 6 Announce Results and Student Acceptance After completion of the recruitment process, inform students within 24 hours. Students will be notified to accept or reject the offer. Company Name Company Website PoC Name PoC Contact PoC Email ID Roles to Hire Upload JD Here FTE or Internship Internship Full Time Employment Both Internship and FTE CTC Package or Stipend Branches Applicable B.Tech. Majors B.Tech. Minors Mathematical and Computational Sciences M.Tech Specializations M.Tech by Research Specializations MBA MSc. in Chemistry or Physics PhD Specializations Registration Form × Company Name Company Website PoC Name PoC Contact PoC Email ID Roles to Hire Upload JD Here FTE or Internship Internship Full Time Employment Both Internship and FTE CTC Package or Stipend Branches Applicable B.Tech. Majors B.Tech. Minors Mathematical and Computational Sciences M.Tech Specializations M.Tech by Research Specializations MBA MSc. in Chemistry or Physics PhD Specializations About Us Past Recruiters Placement Statistics The Career Development Centre (CDC) organizes centralized on-campus employment interviews and placements for all students. Excellent track record of landing well-paying positions in top organizations in India and overseas. View Placement Report 2022-23 View Placement Report 2023-24 View Placement Report 2024-25 Meet the Team Administrative Staff Prof. Anish S Professor Incharge Placements cdcentre@nitk.edu.in 0824-2473055 Mrs. Sandhya Assistant Registrar (Placements) cdcentre@nitk.edu.in 0824-2473055 CDC Staff Mr. Haridas Bhat Supporting Staff cdcentre@nitk.edu.in Mr Satish Supporting Staff cdcentre@nitk.edu.in Mr Lokesh Poojaari Supporting Staff cdcentre@nitk.edu.in Mrs. Suraksha S Supporting Staff cdcentre@nitk.edu.in Ms. Sneha Jyothi D'souza Supporting Staff cdcentre@nitk.edu.in CDC Student Team M Karthikeswar Nadh Head Placement Coordinator headpc@nitk.edu.in 9980712819 Sumeet Shivasharan Head Placement Coordinator headpc@nitk.edu.in 8217241739 Prahas G R Executive Head headpc@nitk.edu.in Jonathan James Executive Head headpc@nitk.edu.in Anindith B L Operations Head headpc@nitk.edu.in Sahitya Bhoyar Insights Head headpc@nitk.edu.in Contact Us NH 66, Srinivasnagar Surathkal, Mangalore Karnataka 575025 Call us on 0824-2473055 Email us at cdcentre@nitk.edu.in For Any Background/Education Verification, Please send verification requests to cert.verification@nitk.edu.in or ar.academic@nitk.edu.in Quick Links Gallery Departments TEQIP-III Virtual Tour NITK Website IRIS Portal Telephone Directory Alumni