Indian Institute of Technology Madras Skip to main content Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Industry Directory Contact A Visual Assist A Normal A- Decrease Font Size A Standard Font Size A+ Increase Font Size தமிழ் हिन्दी Eng Toggle Menu An Institute of Eminence Give to IITM Search on IITM Academics Overview Study @ IITM Non-campus BS programmes Undergraduate Programmes Postgraduate Programmes Research Programmes International Students' Academic Programs Joint Master Programmes Joint Doctoral Programmes Exchange Programmes IITM Zanzibar campus Departments Aerospace Engineering Applied Mechanics & Biomedical Engineering Biotechnology Chemical Engineering Chemistry Civil Engineering Computer Science and Engineering Data Science & Artificial Intelligence Electrical Engineering Engineering Design Humanities and Social Sciences Management Studies Mathematics Mechanical Engineering Medical Science and Technology Metallurgical and Materials Engineering Ocean Engineering Physics Learning for All Centre for Outreach and Digital Education (CODE) National Programme (NPTEL) Global Initiative (GIAN) Teaching Learning Centre Academic Calendar Academic Curricula Academic Facilities Central Library P G Senapathy Computer Centre Central Skill Training and Fabrication Facility (CSTF) Academic Services Timetable Fees Scholarships & Financial Assistance Ordinances Transcripts & Other Academic Services Duplicate Degree Orientation Programme Downloads Inclusive Education Services Research Research Highlights Research Areas National Research Centres Indo-German Centre for Sustainability National Cancer Tissue Biobank (NCTB) National Centre for Combustion Research and Development (NCCRD) National Technology Centre for Ports, Waterways and Coasts (NTCPWC) Institute Research Centres Advanced Manufacturing Technology Development Centre (AMTDC) Centre for Computational Brain Research Centre of Excellence in Wireless Technology (CEWiT) Centre for NEMS and Nanophotonics (CNNP) Centre for Railway Research Centre for Technology and Policy (CTAP) Healthcare Technology Innovation Centre (HTIC) IITM China Studies Centre International Centre for Clean Water (ICCW) Robert Bosch Centre for Data Science and Artificial Intelligence TTK Center for Rehabilitation Research and Device Development (R2D2) SynBioME: IIT Madras Biofoundry The Centre of Excellence for Zero Emission Trucking (CoEZET) Research Facilities Sophisticated Analytical Instrumentation Centre (SAIF) Central Electronic Centre (CEC) High Performance Computing Environment (HPCE) SERB National Facility for Cryo - Electron Microscopy (CryoEM) IITM Journal Innovation Industrial Consultancy Gopalakrishnan-Deshpande Centre Technology Transfer Centre for Innovation Research Park IITM Research Park Incubation Cell IITM Bioincubator IITM Pravartak Happenings Events Achievements Campus Chronicles Campus News IITM News Recognitions Distinguished Professors Institute Professors Chair Professors Industry & Ministry Chairs Endowed Chairs & Faculty Fellowships Faculty Awards Students Awards Distinguished Alum Awards Young Alumni Achiever Awards Distinguished Alumni Service Award Distinguished Chair Professors Campus Life Overview Wellness Community Centre Hostel Life Student Governance Women's Forum Sports Clubs Technology & Innovation Student Activities Social Consciousness Campus Festivals Campus Publications Campus Amenities Other Facilities Careers Overview Prospective Faculty Non Teaching Positions Post Doctoral Opportunities Project Positions The Institute About IIT Madras Overview Mission History Milestones Heritage Centre Archive of IIT Madras Publications NIRF ARIIA Past Directors Administration Overview Governing Board Academic Administration Senate Administration Section Building and Works Committee Central Administration Complaint Committee Convenors and Coordinators Engineering Unit Finance Committee High Power Committee - SC/ST High Power Committee - OBC Institutional Ethics Committee Recruitment and Promotion Norms Right to Information Technical Committee Security Section Alumni and Corporate Relations Global Engagement Climate Action Plan IITM Strategic Plans Dean Students Announcements 63rd Convocation - Live Streaming Bachelor of Cybersecurity PG Programme Admissions 2026 UG Programme Admissions 2026 Engineering Excellence in Cybersecurity New Academic Programmes 2026 67th Institute Day - Live Streaming IITM Zanzibar Campus International Students Academic Programs DDWS Innovation Challenge 2025 - 26 application portal open now Summer Fellowship 2026 P M VIDYALAXMI NODAL BANK LEAFLET Rolling Advertisement No IITM/R/3/2025 Dated 11.04.2025 visit https://facapp.iitm.ac.in/ for application The Crouching Tiger – A report on Startups in Textiles AskIITM.com for JoSAA 2023 doubts & queries Admissions to 4 year Medical Science and Engineering Program 63rd Convocation - Live Streaming Bachelor of Cybersecurity PG Programme Admissions 2026 UG Programme Admissions 2026 Engineering Excellence in Cybersecurity New Academic Programmes 2026 67th Institute Day - Live Streaming IITM Zanzibar Campus International Students Academic Programs DDWS Innovation Challenge 2025 - 26 application portal open now Summer Fellowship 2026 P M VIDYALAXMI NODAL BANK LEAFLET Rolling Advertisement No IITM/R/3/2025 Dated 11.04.2025 visit https://facapp.iitm.ac.in/ for application The Crouching Tiger – A report on Startups in Textiles AskIITM.com for JoSAA 2023 doubts & queries Admissions to 4 year Medical Science and Engineering Program No. 1 for 5 Years Running... Previous No. 1 for 9 Years Running... The Champions of Technology Incubating Minds Catalyzing Careers The Best of the Best No. 1 for 9 Years Running... The Champions of Technology Next News View All IIT Madras brings BIMSTEC nations together for its first-ever AI-Powered Road Safety… The Centre of Excellence for Road Safety (CoERS) at Indian Institute of… 31 Jul 2026 Press Release IIT Madras partners with FaMe TN to accelerate AI-led Digital Transformation for… Indian Institute of Technology Madras (IIT Madras) has partnered with the… 29 Jul 2026 Press Release IIT Madras Researchers develop new cooling design to protect electronics from… Researchers at Indian Institute of Technology Madras (IIT Madras) have… 27 Jul 2026 Press Release Recent Calendar 18 Apr 03:30 PM Spectrum Inspired Low-light Image Translation for Saliency Detection Saliency detection methods are crucial in various practical applications,… Study @ IITM Previous International Masters’ Program The I2MP courses are aimed at bringing&nbsp;students with diverse interests to the IIT Madras campus, and provide them the benefit of the rich teaching and research environment at IITM. Exchange Programmes IIT Madras encourages collaborations with foreign universities through student exchange programmes and visiting faculty. Joint Degree Programmes IIT Madras is at the forefront of collaborative learning and research having Joint Ph.D. programs with 20 world-class institutions. Online BSc Programme A completely online programme aimed at creating a trained programmer, proficient in application development, data sciences and machine learning. Undergraduate Programmes The B Tech programmes at IIT Madras encourage interdisciplinary studies and caters to the changing scientific and technological needs. Postgraduate Programmes The postgraduate programmes are specialized programmes aimed at engaging the students in learning, teaching and research. Research Programmes IIT Madras is internationally renowned for the quality and diversity of its research; and&nbsp;opportunities of active research in frontier areas. International Masters’ Program The I2MP courses are aimed at bringing&nbsp;students with diverse interests to the IIT Madras campus, and provide them the benefit of the rich teaching and research environment at IITM. Exchange Programmes IIT Madras encourages collaborations with foreign universities through student exchange programmes and visiting faculty. Joint Degree Programmes IIT Madras is at the forefront of collaborative learning and research having Joint Ph.D. programs with 20 world-class institutions. Online BSc Programme A completely online programme aimed at creating a trained programmer, proficient in application development, data sciences and machine learning. Undergraduate Programmes The B Tech programmes at IIT Madras encourage interdisciplinary studies and caters to the changing scientific and technological needs. Postgraduate Programmes The postgraduate programmes are specialized programmes aimed at engaging the students in learning, teaching and research. Next Research Highlights View all Research Highlights How cool motorbikes are choking Indian cities! In a new study, the scientists from IIT Madras show that the polluting… Why getting too personal may harm e-Commerce! Gone are the days when the only way to buy something was to go to a… Centres Previous TTK Center for Rehabilitation Research and Device Development (R2D2) R2D2 is the TTK Center for Rehabilitation Research and Device… Centre for Railway Research The Centre for Railway Research (CRR) was set up in 2015 to develop a… Centre for Technology and Policy (CTaP) The Centre for Technology and Policy (CTaP) provides analyses and… Healthcare Technology Innovation Centre (HTIC) The Healthcare Technology Innovation Centre (HTIC) is a… National Centre for Combustion Research and Development (NCCRD) Founded by the Combustion Institute – Indian Section and supported by… Centre of Excellence in Wireless Technology (CEWiT) Set up with support from the Ministry of Communication and IT and the… National Cancer Tissue Biobank (NCTB) National Cancer Tissue Biobank (NCTB) is a state-of-the-art non-profit… Centre for NEMS and Nanophotonics (CNNP) The Centre for Nanoelectromechanical Systems (NEMS) and Nanophotonics… Advanced Manufacturing Technology Development Centre (AMTDC) The Advanced Manufacturing Technology Development Centre (AMTDC) is a… Indo-German Centre for Sustainability Indo German Centre for Sustainability (IGCS) was established in 2010… International Centre for Clean Water (ICCW) Established in 2018 with the objective of creating water professionals… National Technology Centre for Ports, Waterways and Coasts (NTCPWC) The National Technology Centre for Ports, Waterways &amp; Coasts (… Robert Bosch Centre for Data Science and Artificial Intelligence Founded in 2017, the Robert Bosch Centre for Data Science and… Centre for Computational Brain Research The Centre for Computational Brain Research (CCBR) is a high-level… IITM China Studies Centre IITM China Studies Centre was established in April 2011 with a view to… TTK Center for Rehabilitation Research and Device Development (R2D2) R2D2 is the TTK Center for Rehabilitation Research and Device… Centre for Railway Research The Centre for Railway Research (CRR) was set up in 2015 to develop a… Next Departments Previous Metallurgical and Materials Engineering The Department of Metallurgical and Materials Engineering is one of the oldest having been started in the same year… Ocean Engineering Originally conceived as the Ocean Engineering Centre (OEC) in 1977, the Department of Ocean Engineering (DOE) has… Physics The Department of Physics is amongst the largest physics departments in the country in terms of the number of… Aerospace Engineering Established in 1969, the Department of Aerospace Engineering stands at the forefront of fundamental and applied… Applied Mechanics & Biomedical Engineering Since its inception in 1959, the Department of Applied Mechanics&nbsp;&amp; Biomedical Engineering has grown into a… Biotechnology The Department of Biotechnology was founded in 2004 with a strong interdisciplinary research and teaching base in… Chemical Engineering Aiming to be a global centre of academic and research excellence in chemical engineering sciences and technology,… Chemistry The Department of Chemistry is one of the first to function after IIT Madras was founded in 1959. Civil Engineering Since its inception in 1959, the Department of Civil Engineering has grown into a full-fledged department with… Computer Science & Engineering Conceived in 1973 with the acquisition of an IBM System/370 (one of the most powerful computers in India at that… Electrical Engineering The Department of Electrical Engineering is actively involved with research from absolute fundamentals and component… Engineering Design Established in 2006, the Department of Engineering Design at IIT Madras is the first of its kind in India. Humanities and Social Sciences The Department of Humanities and Social Sciences (HSS) is one of the oldest departments at IIT Madras. Management Studies The Department of Management Studies was established in 2004 to accommodate the popular Master in Business… Mathematics Established in 1959 along with the Institute, the Department of Mathematics has taken the responsibility of teaching… Mechanical Engineering The Department of Mechanical Engineering is the largest of its kind in the country and one of the largest in Asia.… Metallurgical and Materials Engineering The Department of Metallurgical and Materials Engineering is one of the oldest having been started in the same year… Ocean Engineering Originally conceived as the Ocean Engineering Centre (OEC) in 1977, the Department of Ocean Engineering (DOE) has… Physics The Department of Physics is amongst the largest physics departments in the country in terms of the number of… Aerospace Engineering Established in 1969, the Department of Aerospace Engineering stands at the forefront of fundamental and applied… Applied Mechanics & Biomedical Engineering Since its inception in 1959, the Department of Applied Mechanics&nbsp;&amp; Biomedical Engineering has grown into a… Biotechnology The Department of Biotechnology was founded in 2004 with a strong interdisciplinary research and teaching base in… Next Consultancy & Innovation Previous Technology Transfer IIT Madras has an array of technologies / IPR developed through Research an... Gopalakrishnan-Deshpande Centre Established in 2017 the Gopalakrishnan Deshpande Center for Innovation &amp... IITM Pravartak IITM Pravartak Technologies Foundation is a section 08 company housing the ... Industrial Consultancy The Centre for Industrial Consultancy and Sponsored Research (ICSR) was sta... Incubation Cell The IITM Incubation Cell (IITMIC) is India’s leading Deep-tech Startup hub.... IIT Madras Bioincubator The IITM Bioincubator works to foster Indian biotech innovation and entrepr... IITM Research Park IIT Madras Research Park (IITMRP), India's first university-based research ... Technology Transfer IIT Madras has an array of technologies / IPR developed through Research an... Gopalakrishnan-Deshpande Centre Established in 2017 the Gopalakrishnan Deshpande Center for Innovation &amp... IITM Pravartak IITM Pravartak Technologies Foundation is a section 08 company housing the ... Industrial Consultancy 

[... content truncated for LLM context limit ...]